.TH "JAMJAR-DUMP" "1" "2024-12-01" "JAMJAR 2024-12-01" "JAMJAR-DUMP"
.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el       .ds Aq
.ad l
.nh

.SH "NAME"
jamjar dump \- Export playlist data to a JSON file.

.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B jamjar dump [\fBOPTIONS\fR] \fBIDENTIFIER\fR
.RE

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
The \fBjamjar dump\fR command exports metadata and associated tracks for a
specified playlist into a JSON file. This is useful for backup purposes or to
analyze playlist data outside the JamJar application.
\fB--output\fR option.
.RE

.SH "ARGUMENTS"
.RE
\fBIDENTIFIER\fR
.RS 4
The unique identifier of the playlist to export.
.PP

.SH "OPTIONS"
.RE
\fB--output\fR, \fB-o\fR
.RS 4
Specify the file path where the JSON data will be saved. If not provided, the
file will be saved in the current working directory with a default name based
on the playlist name.
.PP

.RE
\fB--help\fR, \fB-h\fR
.RS 4
Display help information about the \fBjamjar dump\fR command.
.PP

.SH "EXAMPLES"
.RE
To export a playlist to a JSON file in the current directory:
.RS 4
.B $ jamjar dump 1A2B3C4D5E6F7G
.RE

To specify an output file for the exported data:
.RS 4
.B $ jamjar dump 1A2B3C4D5E6F7G --output ~/playlists/playlist1.json
.RE

.SH "FILES AND DIRECTORIES"
.B ~/.local/share/jamjar/jamjar.db
.RS 4
The database storing playlist and track information. Data is fetched from this
file when using \fBjamjar dump\fR.
.RE

.SH "AUTHOR"
Anton Van Assche <\fIhttps://www.github.com/AntonVanAssche\fR>
.PP

.SH "BUGS"
For bug reports, suggestions, and issues related to \fBjamjar dump\fR or the
JamJar tool, please visit:
.PP
<\fIhttps://github.com/AntonVanAssche/JamJar\fR>
.RE
