.TH "JAMJAR-PUSH" "1" "2024-12-01" "JAMJAR 2024-12-01" "JAMJAR-PUSH"
.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el       .ds Aq
.ad l
.nh

.SH "NAME"
jamjar push \- Upload a playlist to Spotify.

.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B jamjar push [\fBOPTIONS\fR] \fBPLAYLIST_ID\fR
.RE

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
The \fBjamjar push\fR command uploads a playlist from the JamJar database to
your Spotify account. You can specify the playlist name, description,
visibility, and even upload a custom cover image. This is useful for creating
new playlists on Spotify with tracks managed in JamJar.
.RE

.SH "ARGUMENTS"
.RE
\fBPLAYLIST_ID\fR
.RS 4
The ID or URL of the playlist to upload to Spotify.
.PP

.SH "OPTIONS"
.RE
\fB--name\fR, \fB-n\fR
.RS 4
Set the name of the new playlist. If not provided, you will be prompted to
enter one.
.PP

.RE
\fB--description\fR, \fB-d\fR
.RS 4
Add a description to the playlist.
.PP

.RE
\fB--public\fR, \fB-p\fR
.RS 4
Make the playlist public on Spotify. By default, the playlist will be private.
.PP

.RE
\fB--image\fR, \fB-i\fR
.RS 4
Specify the path to an image file to use as the playlist cover. Due to
limitations with the Spotify API, only JPEG images are accepted, which are
smaller than 256 KB.
.PP

.RE
\fB--help\fR, \fB-h\fR
.RS 4
Display help information about the \fBjamjar push\fR command.
.PP

.SH "EXAMPLES"
.RE
To upload a playlist with default settings:
.RS 4
.B $ jamjar push 1A2B3C4D5E6F7G
.RE

To upload a playlist with a name, description, and set it as public:
.RS 4
.B $ jamjar push 1A2B3C4D5E6F7G --name 'My Playlist' --description 'My favorite tracks' --public
.RE

To upload a playlist with a custom cover image:
.RS 4
.B $ jamjar push 1A2B3C4D5E6F7G --image ~/Pictures/cover.jpg
.RE

.SH "FILES AND DIRECTORIES"
.B ~/.config/jamjar/token.json
.RS 4
Stores the Spotify access token. Required to authenticate with Spotify when
using \fBjamjar push\fR.
.RE
.B ~/.local/share/jamjar/jamjar.db
.RS 4
The database storing playlists and tracks. Data for the specified playlist is
retrieved from this file when using \fBjamjar push\fR.
.RE

.SH "AUTHOR"
Anton Van Assche <\fIhttps://www.github.com/AntonVanAssche\fR>
.PP

.SH "BUGS"
For bug reports, suggestions, and issues related to \fBjamjar push\fR or the
JamJar tool, please visit:
.PP
<\fIhttps://github.com/AntonVanAssche/JamJar\fR>
.RE
