.TH "JAMJAR-STATS" "1" "2024-12-01" "JAMJAR 2024-12-01" "JAMJAR-STATS"
.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el       .ds Aq
.ad l
.nh

.SH "NAME"
jamjar stats \- Display statistics on playlists, tracks, and users.

.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B jamjar stats [\fBOPTIONS\fR]
.RE

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
The \fBjamjar stats\fR command displays various statistics related to the
playlists, tracks, artists, and users stored in the JamJar database. This
includes general statistics, top tracks, top artists, top users, and the most
recent tracks added to the database.

If no options are provided, general statistics are shown by default.
.RE

.SH "OPTIONS"
.RE
\fB--top-tracks\fR
.RS 4
Display the top tracks in the database.
.PP

.RE
\fB--top-artists\fR
.RS 4
Display the top artists in the database.
.PP

.RE
\fB--top-users\fR
.RS 4
Display the top users in the database.
.PP

.RE
\fB--recent-tracks\fR
.RS 4
Display the most recent tracks added to the database.
.PP

.RE
\fB--help\fR, \fB-h\fR
.RS 4
Display help information about the \fBjamjar stats\fR command.
.PP

.SH "EXAMPLES"
.RE
To display general statistics about the database:
.RS 4
.B $ jamjar stats
.RE

To get the top tracks in the database:
.RS 4
.B $ jamjar stats --top-tracks
.RE

To get the top artists in the database:
.RS 4
.B $ jamjar stats --top-artists
.RE

To get the top users in the database:
.RS 4
.B $ jamjar stats --top-users
.RE

To get the most recent tracks in the database:
.RS 4
.B $ jamjar stats --recent-tracks
.RE

.SH "FILES AND DIRECTORIES"
.B ~/.local/share/jamjar/jamjar.db
.RS 4
The database file where playlist, track, artist, and user data are stored.
.RE

.SH "AUTHOR"
Anton Van Assche <\fIhttps://www.github.com/AntonVanAssche\fR>
.PP

.SH "BUGS"
For bug reports, suggestions, and issues related to \fBjamjar stats\fR or the
JamJar tool, please visit:
.PP
<\fIhttps://github.com/AntonVanAssche/JamJar\fR>
.RE
