.TH "JAMJAR-RM" "1" "2024-12-01" "JAMJAR 2024-12-01" "JAMJAR-RM"
.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el       .ds Aq
.ad l
.nh

.SH "NAME"
jamjar rm \- Remove playlists or tracks from the JamJar database.

.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B jamjar rm [\fBOPTIONS\fR] [\fBPLAYLIST_ID\fR]
.RE

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
The \fBjamjar rm\fR command removes playlists, individual tracks from playlist
, or all playlists and tracks from the JamJar database. This operation can be
performed with confirmation or forced using a flag.
.RE

.SH "ARGUMENTS"
.RE
\fBPLAYLIST_ID\fR
.RS 4
The unique identifier of the playlist to remove. This is optional but required
unless the \fB--all\fR option is specified.
.PP

.SH "OPTIONS"
.RE
\fB--track-id\fR, \fB-t\fR
.RS 4
The unique identifier of the track to remove from a specific playlist.
.PP

.RE
\fB--all\fR, \fB-a\fR
.RS 4
Remove all playlists and tracks from the database.
.PP

.RE
\fB--force\fR, \fB-f\fR
.RS 4
Force removal without confirmation. Only applicable when using the \fB--all\fR
option.
.PP

.RE
\fB--help\fR, \fB-h\fR
.RS 4
Display help information about the \fBjamjar rm\fR command.
.PP

.SH "EXAMPLES"
.RE
To remove a specific playlist:
.RS 4
.B $ jamjar rm 19RcUUR4b9oxhcREqD8Xoq
.RE

To remove a specific track from a playlist:
.RS 4
.B $ jamjar rm 19RcUUR4b9oxhcREqD8Xoq --track-id 4PTG3Z6ehGkBFwjybzWkR8
.RE

To remove all playlists and tracks (with confirmation):
.RS 4
.B $ jamjar rm --all
.RE

To force removal of all playlists and tracks without confirmation:
.RS 4
.B $ jamjar rm --all --force
.RE

.SH "FILES AND DIRECTORIES"
.B ~/.local/share/jamjar/jamjar.db
.RS 4
The database storing playlist and track information. Data is removed from this
file when using \fBjamjar rm\fR.
.RE

.SH "AUTHOR"
Anton Van Assche <\fIhttps://www.github.com/AntonVanAssche\fR>
.PP

.SH "BUGS"
For bug reports, suggestions, and issues related to \fBjamjar rm\fR or the JamJar tool, please visit:
.PP
<\fIhttps://github.com/AntonVanAssche/JamJar\fR>
.RE
