.TH "JAMJAR-AUTH" "1" "2024-12-01" "JAMJAR 2024-12-01" "JAMJAR-AUTH"
.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el       .ds Aq
.ad l
.nh

.SH "NAME"
jamjar auth \- Manage authentication with Spotify for JamJar.

.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B jamjar auth [\fICOMMAND\fR] [\fIOPTIONS\fR]
.RE

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
The \fBjamjar auth\fR command handles Spotify authentication for the JamJar CLI
tool. This includes logging in, checking authentication status, and removing
saved access tokens.
.RE

.SH "COMMANDS"
.RE
\fBlogin\fR
.RS 4
Log in to Spotify. Generates an authorization URL to authenticate JamJar with
your Spotify account. Once authorized, a callback completes the process and
saves the access token.
.PP

.RE
\fBstatus\fR
.RS 4
Display the current authentication status. Shows whether the user is logged in,
who they are logged in as, and when the access token expires.
.PP

.RE
\fBclean\fR
.RS 4
Remove the saved Spotify access token. Useful for resetting or switching accounts.
.PP

.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP
\fB--help\fR, \fB-h\fR
Display help information for the specified \fBjamjar auth\fR command.

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To log in to Spotify:
.RS 4
.B $ jamjar auth login
.RE

To check your current authentication status:
.RS 4
.B $ jamjar auth status
.RE

To remove saved authentication data:
.RS 4
.B $ jamjar auth clean
.RE

.SH "FILES AND DIRECTORIES"
.B ~/.config/jamjar/config.json
.RS 4
Stores the configuration settings for JamJar, including the Spotify client ID
and secret.
.RE
.B ~/.config/jamjar/token.json
.RS 4
Stores the Spotify access token and other authentication details.
.RE

.SH "AUTHOR"
Anton Van Assche <\fIhttps://www.github.com/AntonVanAssche\fR>
.PP

.SH "BUGS"
For bug reports, suggestions, and issues related to \fBjamjar auth\fR or the
JamJar tool, please visit:
.PP
<\fIhttps://github.com/AntonVanAssche/JamJar\fR>
.RE
