.TH "JAMJAR-CONFIG" "1" "2024-12-01" "JAMJAR 2024-12-01" "JAMJAR-CONFIG"
.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el       .ds Aq
.ad l
.nh

.SH "NAME"
config.json \- Configuration file for the JamJar CLI.

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
The \fBconfig.json\fR file stores the configuration settings for the JamJar
CLI tool. It contains essential information for authenticating and interacting
with the Spotify API, including the Spotify client ID, client secret, and
redirect URI.

This file must be present for JamJar to function correctly, as it provides the
necessary credentials for authenticating with Spotify.

.RE

.SH "CONFIGURABLE PROPERTIES"
The following configuration values are configurable within the \fBconfig.json\fR file:

.RE
\fBclient_id\fR
.RS 4
The client ID for the Spotify API, required for authentication and
authorization.
.PP

.RE
\fBclient_secret\fR
.RS 4
The client secret for the Spotify API, used in conjunction with the client ID
for authentication.
.PP

.RE
\fBredirect_uri\fR
.RS 4
The URI to which Spotify will redirect after authorization. This is used
during the OAuth flow to complete the authentication process.
.PP

.SH "DEFAULT LOCATIONS"
The \fBjamjar config\fR file is typically located in the following directory:

.RE
.B ~/.config/jamjar/config.json
.RS 4
Stores the configuration settings for JamJar, including the Spotify client ID,
client secret, and redirect URI.
.RE

.SH "FILES AND DIRECTORIES"
The following additional files and directories are used by JamJar:

.RE
.B ~/.config/jamjar/token.json
.RS 4
Stores the Spotify access token and other authentication details (not
configurable through the config file).
.RE

.B ~/.local/share/jamjar/jamjar.db
.RS 4
Stores the database file containing the playlists, tracks, and other related
data (not configurable through the config file).
.RE

.SH "EXAMPLES"
To configure the JamJar CLI, edit the \fBconfig.json\fR file to include your
Spotify client ID, client secret, and redirect URI.

For example, a basic configuration might look like this:

.EX
{
    "client_id": "your_client_id",
    "client_secret": "your_client_secret",
    "redirect_uri": "http://localhost:5000/callback"
}
.PE

.SH "AUTHOR"
Anton Van Assche <\fIhttps://www.github.com/AntonVanAssche\fR>
.PP

.SH "BUGS"
For bug reports, suggestions, and issues related to \fBjamjar config\fR or the
JamJar tool, please visit:
.PP
<\fIhttps://github.com/AntonVanAssche/JamJar\fR>
.RE
