.TH "JAMJAR-LIST" "1" "2024-12-01" "JAMJAR 2024-12-01" "JAMJAR-LIST"
.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el       .ds Aq
.ad l
.nh

.SH "NAME"
jamjar list \- Display playlists or tracks in a specific playlist in JSON format.

.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B jamjar list [\fBOPTIONS\fR]
.RE

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
The \fBjamjar list\fR command retrieves and displays playlists saved in the
JamJar database in JSON format. When a specific playlist ID or URL is provide
, it lists the tracks within that playlist in JSON format. This is useful for
reviewing your saved playlists or inspecting their contents programmatically.
.RE

.SH "OPTIONS"
.RE
\fB--playlist\fR, \fB-p\fR
.RS 4
Specify the ID or URL of the playlist to list its tracks. If omitted, basic
information about all playlists is displayed.
.PP

.RE
\fB--help\fR, \fB-h\fR
.RS 4
Display help information about the \fBjamjar list\fR command.
.PP

.SH "EXAMPLES"
.RE
To list all playlists in the database in JSON format:
.RS 4
.B $ jamjar list
.RE

To list all tracks in a specific playlist by ID in JSON format:
.RS 4
.B $ jamjar list --playlist 1A2B3C4D5E6F7G
.RE

To list all tracks in a playlist using its URL in JSON format:
.RS 4
.B $ jamjar list --playlist https://open.spotify.com/playlist/1A2B3C4D5E6F7G
.RE

.SH "FILES AND DIRECTORIES"
.B ~/.local/share/jamjar/jamjar.db
.RS 4
The database storing playlist and track information. Data is fetched from this
file when using \fBjamjar list\fR.
.RE

.SH "AUTHOR"
Anton Van Assche <\fIhttps://www.github.com/AntonVanAssche\fR>
.PP

.SH "BUGS"
For bug reports, suggestions, and issues related to \fBjamjar list\fR or the
JamJar tool, please visit:
.PP
<\fIhttps://github.com/AntonVanAssche/JamJar\fR>
.RE
