.TH "JAMJAR-DIFF" "1" "2024-12-01" "JAMJAR 2024-12-01" "JAMJAR-DIFF"
.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el       .ds Aq
.ad l
.nh

.SH "NAME"
jamjar diff \- Compare a playlist's database state with its Spotify version.

.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B jamjar diff [\fBOPTIONS\fR] \fBPLAYLIST\fR
.RE

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
The \fBjamjar diff\fR command compares a playlist stored in the JamJar
database with its current state on Spotify. This allows you to see what
changes have occurred, such as track additions or removals, or differences in
metadata. All differences are displayed in a JSON format.

If the \fB--details\fR option is specified, the command also shows detailed
metadata differences between the playlist in the database and its version on
Spotify.
.RE

.SH "ARGUMENTS"
.RE
\fBPLAYLIST\fR
.RS 4
The ID or URL of the Spotify playlist to compare.
.PP

.SH "OPTIONS"
.RE
\fB--details\fR, \fB-d\fR
.RS 4
Show detailed differences, including metadata changes such as playlist name, description, and visibility status.
.PP

.RE
\fB--help\fR, \fB-h\fR
.RS 4
Display help information about the \fBjamjar diff\fR command.
.PP

.SH "EXAMPLES"
.RE
To compare a playlist in the database with its version on Spotify:
.RS 4
.B $ jamjar diff 1A2B3C4D5E6F7G
.RE

To compare a playlist with detailed metadata differences:
.RS 4
.B $ jamjar diff 1A2B3C4D5E6F7G --details
.RE

.SH "FILES AND DIRECTORIES"
.B ~/.config/jamjar/token.json
.RS 4
Stores the Spotify access token. Required to authenticate with Spotify when
using \fBjamjar diff\fR.
.RE
.B ~/.local/share/jamjar/jamjar.db
.RS 4
The database storing playlists and tracks. The playlist data compared in
fBjamjar diff\fR is retrieved from this file.
.RE

.SH "AUTHOR"
Anton Van Assche <\fIhttps://www.github.com/AntonVanAssche\fR>
.PP

.SH "BUGS"
For bug reports, suggestions, and issues related to \fBjamjar diff\fR or the
JamJar tool, please visit:
.PP
<\fIhttps://github.com/AntonVanAssche/JamJar\fR>
.RE
