.TH "JAMJAR" "1" "2024-12-01" "JAMJAR 2024-12-01" "JAMJAR" "1"
.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el       .ds Aq
.ad l
.nh

.SH "NAME"
JamJar \- "Seal" the history of your Spotify playlists.
.RE

.SH "SYNOPSIS"
jamjar [\fCOMMAND\fR] [\fOPTIONS\fR]
.RE

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
JamJar is a CLI tool designed to "seal" the history of your Spotify playlists,
just like a jar preserves your favorite jams. Whether it's a collaborative
playlist with friends or your personal collection, JamJar saves every track
and its details into a database. No more losing track of who added what or
what songs were removed—keep your playlist history fresh and intact, like
music in a jar!
.RE

.SH "OPTIONS"
.RE
\fB--help\fR, \fB-h\fR
.RS 4
Show a brief help message.
.PP

.RE
\fB--version\fR, \fB-v\fR
.RS 4
Display the version number of your JamJar installation.
.PP

.SH "FILES AND DIRECTORIES"
.B /usr/local/bin/jamjar
.RS 4
Executable binary for the JamJar CLI tool.
.RE

.B /usr/local/lib/jamjar/
.RS 4
Directory where the JamJar virtual environment (venv) is installed. This
includes all the required Python packages for JamJar, so they do not need to
be installed globally. The `/usr/local/bin/jamjar` binary will use this venv.
.RE

.B ~/.config/jamjar/config.json
.RS 4
Stores the configuration settings for JamJar, including the Spotify client ID, client secret, and redirect URI.
.RE

.B ~/.config/jamjar/token.json
.RS 4
Stores the Spotify access token and other authentication details.
.RE

.B ~/.local/share/jamjar/jamjar.db
.RS 4
Stores the database file containing the playlists, tracks, and other related data.
.RE

.SH "SEE ALSO"
\fBjamjar-add\fR(1)
\fBjamjar-auth\fR(1)
\fBjamjar-config\fR(1)
\fBjamjar-diff\fR(1)
\fBjamjar-dump\fR(1)
\fBjamjar-list\fR(1)
\fBjamjar-pull\fR(1)
\fBjamjar-push\fR(1)
\fBjamjar-rm\fR(1)
\fBjamjar-stats\fR(1)
.PP

.SH "AUTHOR"
\fBAnton Van Assche\fR <\fIhttps://www.github.com/AntonVanAssche\fR>
.PP

.SH "BUGS"
For bug reports and other issues regarding \fBJamJar\fR, including suggestions, please
report to the GitHub link below, through which the project is developed.
.PP
<\fIhttps://github.com/AntonVanAssche/JamJar\fR>
.RE
