.TH "JAMJAR-PULL" "1" "2024-12-01" "JAMJAR 2024-12-01" "JAMJAR-PULL"
.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el       .ds Aq
.ad l
.nh

.SH "NAME"
jamjar pull \- Synchronize a Spotify playlist with the JamJar database.

.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B jamjar pull [\fBOPTIONS\fR] \fBPLAYLIST\fR
.RE

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
The \fBjamjar pull\fR command updates the JamJar database with the latest
metadata and tracks from a specified Spotify playlist. Optionally, it can also
remove tracks from the database that are no longer part of the playlist on Spotify.

This ensures that the database remains in sync with the current state of the
playlist on Spotify.
.RE

.SH "ARGUMENTS"
.RE
\fBPLAYLIST\fR
.RS 4
The ID or URL of the Spotify playlist to synchronize.
.PP

.SH "OPTIONS"
.RE
\fB--rm\fR, \fB-r\fR
.RS 4
Remove tracks from the database that are no longer part of the Spotify
playlist.
.PP

.RE
\fB--help\fR, \fB-h\fR
.RS 4
Display help information about the \fBjamjar pull\fR command.
.PP

.SH "EXAMPLES"
.RE
To synchronize a Spotify playlist with the database:
.RS 4
.B $ jamjar pull 1A2B3C4D5E6F7G
.RE

To synchronize a playlist and remove tracks no longer in the playlist:
.RS 4
.B $ jamjar pull 1A2B3C4D5E6F7G --rm
.RE

.SH "FILES AND DIRECTORIES"
.B ~/.config/jamjar/token.json
.RS 4
Stores the Spotify access token. Required to authenticate with Spotify when
using \fBjamjar pull\fR.
.RE
.B ~/.local/share/jamjar/jamjar.db
.RS 4
The database storing playlists and tracks. Data is updated or modified in this
file when using \fBjamjar pull\fR.
.RE

.SH "AUTHOR"
Anton Van Assche <\fIhttps://www.github.com/AntonVanAssche\fR>
.PP

.SH "BUGS"
For bug reports, suggestions, and issues related to \fBjamjar pull\fR or the
JamJar tool, please visit:
.PP
<\fIhttps://github.com/AntonVanAssche/JamJar\fR>
.RE
